[IMP] inventory: remove 1st person putaway (#3914)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/routes/strategies/putaway.rst

=======================
Putaway Rules
=======================

A good warehouse implementation ensures that products automatically move to their appropriate
destination location. This process is seamless using Odoo's *Putaway rules*. Putaway is the process

> of receiving shipments and putting products in appropriate locations.

Author: @hojo-odoo I like the way you explained putaway! It clearly explains what it is using Odoo concepts we've built upon before. I tried to rewrite this using more layman's terms. What do you think?

```
Defined by situations, conditions, and instructions, *Putaway rules* detail how incoming products
should be moved to specified locations. They are push rules
triggered by the arrival of shipments in a certain location. The automatically generated rules
precisely instruct warehouse employees how and where to put away received products.

=====================

In some cases, like when a grocery store sells fruits and vegetables, products should be stored in
different locations depending on several factors like frequency, size, product category, and
specific environment needs.

Suppose the warehouse location :guilabel:`WH/Stock` contains two sub-locations
`WH/Stock/Vegetables` and `WH/Stock/Fruits`.

To manage what products are stored in those locations, from the :guilabel:`Inventory` application,
navigate to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Putaway Rules`. Then, click on :guilabel:`Create` to
instruct :guilabel:`When product arrives in` a certain warehouse location, :guilabel:`Store to` one
of the existing sub-locations instead.

.. image:: putaway/putaw2.png
   :align: center

.. note::
   The putaway rules can also be defined per product/product category, location, and package
   type (enable :guilabel:`Packages` in :menuselection:`Configuration --> Settings`). Define them
   through the :guilabel:`Smart Button` on each form.

.. note::
   If the location does not appear in the drop-down menu, add a new location in
   :menuselection:`Configuration --> Locations`. :guilabel:`Store to` locations can only be child

>    locations of the location of origin.

Reviewer: Delete both of these notes

> With these rules, when apples and carrots are purchased from the supplier, they will be grouped in
> the same :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` and :guilabel:`Receipt`, but redirected to separate locations 
> automatically, thanks to putaway rules. View the summary of incoming product movements in
> :menuselection:`Reporting --> Inventory Report`.

Reviewer: Rewrite
```suggestion
Once a putaway rule has been configured, the product it specifies will be automatically routed to the :guilabel:`Store to` location upon arriving in the :guilabel:`When product arrives in` location. The summary of internal product movements can be viewed by selecting :menuselection:`Reporting --> Product Moves` and enabling the :guilabel:`Internal` search filter on the :guilabel:`Filters` dropdown under the :guilabel:`search bar` at the top of the page.
```

=============
Putaway Rules
=============

> Putaway is the process of routing products to appropriate storage locations upon shipment arrival.

Reviewer 2: Consider italicizing this since you're defining the word "putaway"
```suggestion
*Putaway* is the process of routing products to appropriate storage locations upon shipment arrival.
```

Odoo can accomplish this seamlessly using *putaway rules*, which dictate how products move through
specified warehouse locations.

Upon shipment arrival, operations are generated based on putaway rules to efficiently move products
to specified locations and ensure easy retrieval. Putaway rules can also prevent volatile substances
from being stored in close proximity by directing them to different locations determined by the
warehouse manager.

.. seealso::

>    - :ref:`Routes-- how products move<inventory/routes/use_routes/push>`

Reviewer 2: Small format correction
```suggestion
   - :ref:`Routes -- how products move<inventory/routes/use_routes/push>`
```

:guilabel:`Storage Locations` setting is automatically enabled as well. Finally, click
:guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: putaway/multi-step-routes.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Check multi-step routes box

Put away products
=================

Putaway rules are commonly used to move products to specific locations for easy retrieval. Thus,
products are grouped in the same :guilabel:`Product Category` when a single putaway rule captures
the group's storage needs.

To manage where specific products are routed for storage, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory -->
Configuration --> Putaway Rules`. Use the :guilabel:`Create` button to configure a new putaway rule
on a :guilabel:`Product` and/or :guilabel:`Product Category` that the rule affects.

In the same line, the :guilabel:`When product arrives in` location is where the putaway rule is
triggered to create an operation to move the product to the :guilabel:`Store to` location. The
:guilabel:`Store to` location must be sublocation of the first (ie. `WH/Stock/Fruits` is a specific,
named location inside `WH/Stock` to make the products stored here easier to find).

> Ensure all apples are stored in the fruits section by filling field :guilabel:`Store to` with the
> location `WH/Stock/Fruits` when the :guilabel:`Product`, `Apple` arrives in `WH/Stock`. Repeat this
> for all products and hit :guilabel:`Save`.
> 
> .. image:: putaway/create-putaway-rules.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Create putaway rules for apples and carrots

Reviewer 2: I think this should be in an Example box. Also, "alt" image descriptions should end in a period.
```suggestion
.. example::
   Ensure all apples are stored in the fruits section by filling field :guilabel:`Store to` with the location `WH/Stock/Fruits` when the :guilabel:`Product`, `Apple` arrives in `WH/Stock`. Repeat this for all products and hit :guilabel:`Save`.

   .. image:: putaway/create-putaway-rules.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Create putaway rules for apples and carrots.
```

Enable putaway rules
====================

Begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Settings`, then activate the
:guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes` checkbox under the :guilabel:`Warehouse` heading. By doing so, the
:guilabel:`Storage Locations` setting is automatically enabled as well. Finally, click
:guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: putaway/multi-step-routes.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Check multi-step routes box

Put away products
=================

Putaway rules are commonly used to move products to specific locations for easy retrieval. Thus,
products are grouped in the same :guilabel:`Product Category` when a single putaway rule captures
the group's storage needs.

To manage where specific products are routed for storage, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory -->
Configuration --> Putaway Rules`. Use the :guilabel:`Create` button to configure a new putaway rule
on a :guilabel:`Product` and/or :guilabel:`Product Category` that the rule affects.

In the same line, the :guilabel:`When product arrives in` location is where the putaway rule is
triggered to create an operation to move the product to the :guilabel:`Store to` location. The

> :guilabel:`Store to` location must be sublocation of the first (ie. `WH/Stock/Fruits` is a specific,

Reviewer 2: I would make this an "e.g." instead of an "i.e." since it's an example.
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Store to` location must be sublocation of the first (e.g. `WH/Stock/Fruits` is a specific,
```

named location inside `WH/Stock` to make the products stored here easier to find).

.. example::
   Ensure all apples are stored in the fruits section by filling field :guilabel:`Store to` with the
   location `WH/Stock/Fruits` when the :guilabel:`Product`, `Apple` arrives in `WH/Stock`. Repeat
   this for all products and hit :guilabel:`Save`.

   .. image:: putaway/create-putaway-rules.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Create putaway rules for apples and carrots.

.. note::
  It is also possible to create and manage putaway rules for a single product by going to the
  product page and clicking the :guilabel:`Putaway Rules` smart button at the top of the page. If
  the button isn't there at first glance, select the :guilabel:`More` button at the top right to

>   view additional configuration options.

Reviewer 2: Small correction about what the More button lets you see.
```suggestion
  view additional smart buttons.
```

.. _inventory/putaway/internal-stock-moves:

.. tip::

>    Check whether putaway rules work as intended and using the summary of internal product movements.

Reviewer 2: Deleting an extra word.
```suggestion
   Check whether putaway rules work as intended using the summary of internal product movements.
```

>    In the :guilabel:`Inventory` app, select :menuselection:`Reporting --> Product Moves` and enable

Reviewer 2: I believe in our writers workshop meeting, we decided to use :menuselection: for the "Inventory" app in this case.
```suggestion
   In the :menuselection:`Inventory` app, select :menuselection:`Reporting --> Product Moves` and enable
```

>    the :guilabel:`Internal` search filter on the :guilabel:`Filters` dropdown under the search bar

Reviewer 2: Any time we use "dropdown", I think it's a good idea to use the whole phrase "dropdown menu" just to be very clear to the reader.
```suggestion
   the :guilabel:`Internal` search filter on the :guilabel:`Filters` dropdown menu under the search bar
```

   at the top of the page. In this view, confirm that products are moved to the :guilabel:`Store to`
   location detailed in the putaway rule. More details in :ref:`this section
   <inventory/putaway/wrong-location>`.

Use putaway rules
-----------------

Once a putaway rule has been configured, the product it specifies is automatically routed to the
:guilabel:`Store to` location upon arriving in the :guilabel:`When product arrives in` location.

> After configuring the putaway rules for apples and carrots, see the internal stock moves by

Reviewer 2: I would delete "apples and carrots" here to keep it more general rather than hypothetical.
```suggestion
After configuring the putaway rules, see the internal stock moves by
```

first buying products from a vendor using a :ref:`purchase order<inventory/purchase/vendor bills>`
(PO).

To create a :guilabel:`Request for Quotation` (RFQ), go to the :guilabel:`Purchase` app, and click
:guilabel:`Create`. Then, add products to the :abbr:`RFQ (Request for Quotation)` by clicking
:guilabel:`Add a line`, and selecting the desired product(s) from the drop-down menu in the
:guilabel:`Product` column.

Once ready, click :guilabel:`Confirm`. Doing so turns the :abbr:`RFQ (Request for Quotation)` into a
:abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`. Next, click :guilabel:`Send by Email` to send the :abbr:`PO (Purchase
Order)` to the vendor if needed.

.. image:: putaway/purchase-apples-and-carrots.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Purchase order for apples and carrots

Reviewer 2: It's not super clear why there's a red box around the "Receipt" smart button in this image. You might want to add a sentence right before this explaining the smart button.

Receive the incoming shipment by selecting :menuselection:`Receive products --> Validate`.

.. image:: putaway/receive-incoming-stock.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Receive package of apples and carrots

Reviewer 2: It's also not super clear to me what this image is showing. It's probably because I'm not familiar with the Inventory app, but you might consider adding a sentence explaining this image as well :)

Verify stock moves
==================

Confirm whether the putaway rule worked as intended and that the products have been moved to the

> correct location in the :guilabel:`Inventory Report`. View all products in stock in

Reviewer 2: Small wording change for clarity.
```suggestion
correct location using the :guilabel:`Inventory Report`. View all products in stock in
```

:menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting --> Inventory Report`. By default, the products are
grouped by location.

> Select the product, and the drop-down displays the locations the products currently are. In the

Reviewer 2: Wording changes for clarity.
```suggestion
Select a product, and the drop-down menu displays the locations where the products currently are. In the
```

> Select the product, and the drop-down displays the locations the products currently are. In the
> image below, the locations shown are `WH/Stock/Fruits` and `WH/Stock/Vegetables`, which
> confirms that the putaway rules successfully.

Reviewer 2: Small wording changes for clarity.

Also, we want to avoid directly referencing images in the text, so I would delete the entire second sentence in this paragraph.
```suggestion
Select a product, and the drop-down menu displays the locations where the products currently are.
```

.. image:: putaway/destination-locations.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Verify stock moves triggered by putaway rule

> For a more detailed report, click on a stock move line. On the report, the :guilabel:`Reference`

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what a "stock move line" is, and I can't find the "Reference". I think it would help to add an image here.

displays the warehouse operation associated to the :guilabel:`Product`. These can be any operation
involving movement of stock, such as manufacturing orders, inventory adjustments, or internal
transfers. The :guilabel:`Source` links the document associated to the reference operation. Use the
:guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` location and the associated documents to trace the path of the

> product.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what the "stock move line" is, so I can't find the Reference, Source etc.
I think it would help to add an image here.

.. _inventory/putaway/wrong-location:

Trace products in wrong locations
---------------------------------

Pictured below is a detailed stock move of the :guilabel:`Product`, `Apple` that was put away in the
wrong location. This report is useful to trace the path the product moved and identify the cause of
the wrong stock move.

Start by selecting the stock move record for `Apple`. Here, a putaway rule was purposely set up
incorrectly, so the product was moved from `WH/Stock` to `WH/Stock/Shelf 1` instead of the expected
location, `WH/Stock/Fruits`.

.. image:: putaway/stock-move-report.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Open stock move report

The :guilabel:`To` field displays where the product currently is, `WH/Stock/Shelf 1`, which is the
wrong location. The :guilabel:`From` location is the vendor's location, which is expected since the
:guilabel:`Source` of the stock move is a :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`.

Diagnose why the apple ended up in the shelf by following the :guilabel:`Reference` warehouse
operation in :menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Transfers`. This is the page that displays

> all warehouse transfers-- internal or external. Click on the desired record.

Reviewer 2: We want to avoid directly referencing the images in the text, so this section should be rewritten to be more general and not refer specifically to the images.

.. image:: putaway/transfers.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select the desired record

.. tip::

>    When there are too many records, use either the :guilabel:`Filters` or :guilabel:`Group by`

Reviewer 2: "Too many records" is subjective, I don't think you need it here.
```suggestion
   Use the :guilabel:`Filters` or :guilabel:`Group by`
```

   features to sort and :ref:`find desired records<inventory/putaway/use-advanced-filters>`.

> On the warehouse reception document, the field :guilabel:`Destination Location` shows where the

Reviewer 2: It would help to explain how to get to the "warehouse reception document".

product is received upon entering the warehouse.

> Clicking on the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` icon (4 horizontal lines) to the right of the
> product opens a window that shows the product was moved to the wrong location. Based on this

Reviewer 2: You might want to modify how this icon is referred to, per our writers workshop meeting the other day.

Also changing it to "product line" for clarity.
```suggestion
Clicking on the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` icon (4 horizontal lines) to the right of the
product line opens a window that shows the product was moved to the wrong location. Based on this
```

   :alt: Click Detailed Operations button on the right of warehouse transfers page

.. image:: putaway/automated.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show putaway rule in detailed operations popup

.. _inventory/putaway/use-advanced-filters:

Search for products using advanced filters
------------------------------------------

Keep track of and trace products on the :guilabel:`Product Moves` page. Navigate to the page from
:menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting --> Product Moves` and use the :guilabel:`Filters` and
:guilabel:`Group by` features to stay updated on warehouse operations.

Transfers based on putaway rules can be found by toggling on the :guilabel:`Internal` filter as
mentioned in this :ref:`tip<inventory/putaway/internal-stock-moves>` previously. Other useful
filters and groupbys intended for reporting on the company's internal operations include:

#. Filter by :guilabel:`Incoming` and :guilabel:`To Do`: Display shipments from vendors yet to be
   processed.

   .. image:: putaway/product-moves-to-do.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Filter by incoming and todo

#. Use custom filters to search for a specific product by its name, :ref:`lot/serial number

>    <inventory/management/lots-serial-numbers>` or barcode. Create a custom filter by mousing over

Reviewer 2: You need to click on the Filters button, not just mouse over it.
```suggestion
   <inventory/management/lots-serial-numbers>` or barcode. Create a custom filter by clicking on
```

   :guilabel:`Filters`. Click :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter`, fill in the identifying information,
   and click :guilabel:`Apply`. Now that the custom filter is active, click on the
   :guilabel:`Filters` button again to create any additional filters.

#. Group by :guilabel:`Date`: View all product moves on a specific date

#. Group by :guilabel:`From`: Create a custom filter that displays all locations that currently
   stores at least 1 product. This is useful to view all the locations and sublocations and see
   whether they are used to their full capacity.

> #. :guilabel:`Favorite` current search with filters applied. Useful to apply the filters promptly,

Reviewer 2: Adding a word.
```suggestion
#. :guilabel:`Favorite` the current search with filters applied. Useful to apply the filters promptly,
```

=============
Putaway Rules
=============

Putaway is the process of routing products to appropriate storage locations upon shipment arrival.
Odoo can accomplish this seamlessly using *putaway rules*, which dictate how products move through
specified warehouse locations.

Upon shipment arrival, operations are generated based on putaway rules to efficiently move products
to specified locations and ensure easy retrieval. Putaway rules can also prevent volatile substances
from being stored in close proximity by directing them to different locations determined by the
warehouse manager.

.. seealso::
   - :ref:`Routes -- how products move<inventory/routes/use_routes/push>`
   - :ref:`Warehouse locations<inventory/warehouse_location/definition>`

Enable putaway rules
====================

Begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Settings`, then activate the
:guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes` checkbox under the :guilabel:`Warehouse` heading. By doing so, the
:guilabel:`Storage Locations` setting is automatically enabled as well. Finally, click
:guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: putaway/multi-step-routes.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Check multi-step routes box

> Put away products

Author: I'm not sure, I was deliberating on this too! Putaway rules is a concept, and put away is an action.

   :align: center
   :alt: Purchase order for apples and carrots

Begin receiving the incoming shipment by selecting the :guilabel:`Receipt` smart button on the
:abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`. Click :menuselection:`Receive products --> Validate` to move products
into the warehouse. Since the putaway rule is set to trigger when products arrive in stock, internal
transfers are automatically created when products arrive in `WH/Stock`. This ensures products
entering the warehouse are stored in specific locations suitable for their storage needs.

.. image:: putaway/receive-incoming-stock.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Receive package of apples and carrots

Verify stock moves
==================

Confirm whether the putaway rule worked as intended and that the products have been moved to the
correct location using the :guilabel:`Inventory Report`. View all products in stock in
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Reporting --> Inventory Report`. By default, the products are
grouped by location.

Select a product, and the drop-down menu displays the locations where the products currently are.
Select the location drop-down menu to view a list of all stock movements in and out of the location.

> Each of these lines are records of a stock move, called a *stock move line*.

Author: Updated the section to:
```
Select a collapsable product drop-down menu, which displays the current locations of the products.
Then, select a location drop-down menu to view a list of all stock movements in and out of the
location. Each of these lines are records of a stock move, called a *stock move line*.
```
I'm not quite sure where else to add guilabels here. This is the image of the UI that this section is referring to.
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/ac3210fc-6602-4878-b578-b8a86be4f5d3)

.. image:: putaway/destination-locations.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Verify stock moves triggered by putaway rule

.. _inventory/putaway/wrong-location:

Trace products in wrong locations
---------------------------------

To trace products and associated documents for warehouse operations, use the :guilabel:`Product
Moves` report in :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Reporting --> Product Moves`. View a product's
warehouse operation history by selecting it from the product drop-down. Each stock move line
contains details about any movement of stock, such as manufacturing orders, inventory adjustments,
or internal transfers. Click on a stock move line to view all the information in a comprehensive

> report.

Author: I went through this, and since product is a list item, and guilabel:`Product` is a column, I don't think guilabels on the product would be accurate to use to refer to the list o: What do you think?

This is useful because :guilabel:`Reference` displays the warehouse operation associated to the
:guilabel:`Product`. Use the :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` location and associated
:guilabel:`Source` documents to trace the product path and identify the type of operation.

.. tip::
   It is also possible to view the stock moves of a product directly from the product page. Open the
   desired product page by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Products --> Products` and
   select the product. From there, click on the :guilabel:`Product Moves` smart button, then the
   product drop-down. This displays the stock moves history of the product.

.. _inventory/putaway/stock_moves:

.. example::
   A putaway rule was purposely set up incorrectly on `Apple`, so the product was moved from
   `WH/Stock` to `WH/Stock/Shelf 1` instead of the expected location, `WH/Stock/Fruits`. To trace

>    the path the apple moved and identify the cause of the wrong stock move, open the

Author: I agree that product is more general, but since we're putting this in an example block, I thought it'd be more useful to be as specific as possible (:

   from the vendor, would further explain why the apples were moved to the wrong location.

   .. image:: putaway/stock-move-report.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Open stock move report

To follow an operation identified from the :guilabel:`Product Moves` report, navigate to
:menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Transfers`. This is the page that displays all
warehouse transfers-- internal or external. Search for and click on the corresponding
:guilabel:`Reference` operation to view the document explaining why the product was moved to the
wrong location.

.. tip::
   When there are too many records, use either the :guilabel:`Filters` or :guilabel:`Group by`
   features to sort and :ref:`find desired records<inventory/putaway/use-advanced-filters>`. It is
   useful to search exclusively for the receipt operation type because putaway rules store products
   *into* a specific stock location.

.. example::
   Continuing to diagnose why the product, `Apple`, was placed in `WH/Stock/Shelf 1`, navigate to
   the list of all transfers in :menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Transfers`. Click on

>    the list item where the :guilabel:`Reference` field matches the `WH/IN/00015` operation

Reviewer 3: In my suggestion I am referring to \`WH/Stock/Shelf 1\` and \`WH/IN/00015\` to have a :guilabel: but on a second look, I think it could go either way. 👍

   identified in the :ref:`previous example<inventory/putaway/stock_moves>` to open the receipt.

   .. image:: putaway/transfers.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Select the desired record

   This receipt describes which products were received from the supplier, with the affiliated
   :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` linked in the :guilabel:`Source Document` field. On the warehouse
   reception document, the field :guilabel:`Destination Location` shows where the product is
   received upon entering the warehouse.

>    Clicking on the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` icon ( ≣ ) to the right of the product line opens

Reviewer 3: I believe [we agreed on](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1laiWC9ow0IjXPuQp5h8L_Tj98HbE8ymGn9v-FFOwlYM/edit#heading=h.6ldo9h18agyz) using this format for icons:
```suggestion
   Clicking on the :guilabel:`≣ (Detailed Operations)` icon  to the right of the product line opens
```

   a window that shows the product was moved to the wrong location. Based on this information it can
   be gathered that the putaway rule was triggered but the location was set incorrectly. Rectify
   this in :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Putaway Rules`.

   .. image:: putaway/detailed-operations.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Click Detailed Operations button on the right of warehouse transfers page

   .. image:: putaway/automated.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show putaway rule in detailed operations popup

.. _inventory/putaway/use-advanced-filters:

Search for products using advanced filters
------------------------------------------

Keep track of and trace products on the :guilabel:`Product Moves` page. Navigate to the page from
:menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting --> Product Moves` and use the :guilabel:`Filters` and
:guilabel:`Group by` features to stay updated on warehouse operations.

Transfers based on putaway rules can be found by toggling on the :guilabel:`Internal` filter as
mentioned in this :ref:`tip<inventory/putaway/internal-stock-moves>` previously. Other useful

> filters and groupbys intended for reporting on the company's internal operations include:

Reviewer 3: Please give these UI elements a :guilabel:

Author: I'm uncertain which UI elements need a guilabel here. Could you please clarify? (:

Reviewer 3: I feel that **Filters** and **Group by** deserve a :guilabel: because we are listing the Filters and Group By options that are available. What do you think?

<img width="156" alt="Screenshot 2023-05-09 at 5 14 25 PM" src="https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/36018073/20ffcff0-6381-4c5c-aacb-33b38ac58869">

Author: In the section above, guilabels were added to Filters and Group by because I was calling attention to the buttons like you've shown above,

```
Keep track of and trace products on the :guilabel:`Product Moves` page. Navigate to the page from
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Reporting --> Product Moves` and use the :guilabel:`Filters` and
:guilabel:`Group by` features to stay updated on warehouse operations.

Transfers based on putaway rules can be found by toggling on the :guilabel:`Internal` filter as
mentioned in this :ref:`tip <inventory/routes/strategies/putaway/internal-stock-moves>` previously.
Other useful filters and groupbys intended for reporting on the company's internal operations
include:
```
But in the second section, I'm uncertain about surrounding "filters and groupbys" with a guilabel because I'm referring to different types of filter and groupby functions-- distinct from the UI element.

Reviewer 3: Ok I see where you are coming from and I agree with your reasoning. I'm ok leaving it the way you have it 🙂

> #. Filter by :guilabel:`Incoming` and :guilabel:`To Do`: Display shipments from vendors yet to be
>    processed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Filter by :guilabel:`Incoming` and :guilabel:`To Do` to display shipments from vendors yet to be
   processed.
```

   .. image:: putaway/product-moves-to-do.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Filter by incoming and todo

#. Use custom filters to search for a specific product by its name, :ref:`lot/serial number
   <inventory/management/lots-serial-numbers>` or barcode. Create a custom filter by clicking on
   :guilabel:`Filters`. Click :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter`, fill in the identifying information,
   and click :guilabel:`Apply`. Now that the custom filter is active, click on the
   :guilabel:`Filters` button again to create any additional filters.

> 

Reviewer 3: No need to have an extra space between bullet points of the same level

Order)` to the vendor if needed.

.. image:: putaway/purchase-apples-and-carrots.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View purchase order for apples and carrots.

Begin receiving the incoming shipment by selecting the :guilabel:`Receipt` smart button on the
:abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`. Click :menuselection:`Receive products --> Validate` to move products
into the warehouse. Since the putaway rule is set to trigger when products arrive in stock, internal
transfers are automatically created when products arrive in the :guilabel:`Destination Location`,
`WH/Stock`. This ensures products entering the warehouse are stored in specific locations suitable
for their storage needs.

.. image:: putaway/receive-incoming-stock.png
   :align: center
   :alt: In the WH reception operation, receive package of apples and carrots.

Verify stock moves
==================

Confirm whether the putaway rule worked as intended and that the products have been moved to the
correct location using the :guilabel:`Inventory Report`. View all products in stock in
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Reporting --> Inventory Report`. By default, the products are
grouped by location.

> Select a collapsable product drop-down menu, which displays the current locations of the products.
> Then, select a location drop-down menu to view a list of all stock movements in and out of the
> location. Each of these lines are records of a stock move, called a *stock move line*.

Reviewer 3: I'm thinking we should add :guilables: here for the active instruction - @StraubCreative what are your thoughts here?
```suggestion
Select a :guilabel:`collapsable product` drop-down menu, which displays the current locations of the
products. Then, select a :guilabel:`location` drop-down menu to view a list of all stock movements
in and out of the location. Each of these lines are records of a stock move, called a *stock move
line*.
```

   features to sort and :ref:`find desired records
   <inventory/routes/strategies/putaway/use-advanced-filters>`. It is useful to search exclusively
   for the receipt operation type because putaway rules store products *into* a specific stock
   location.

.. example::
   Continuing to diagnose why the product, `Apple`, was placed in `WH/Stock/Shelf 1`, navigate to
   the list of all transfers in :menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Transfers`. Click on
   the list item where the :guilabel:`Reference` field matches the `WH/IN/00015` operation
   identified in the :ref:`previous example <inventory/putaway/stock-moves>` to open the receipt.

   .. image:: putaway/transfers.png
      :align: center
      :alt: In the Transfers page in the Inventory app, select the desired transfer to view the
            record.

   This receipt describes which products were received from the supplier, with the affiliated
   :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` linked in the :guilabel:`Source Document` field. On the warehouse
   reception document, the field :guilabel:`Destination Location` shows where the product is
   received upon entering the warehouse.

>    Clicking on the :guilabel:`≣ (Detailed Operations)` icon  to the right of the product line opens

Reviewer 3: Remove extra space
```suggestion
   Clicking on the :guilabel:`≣ (Detailed Operations)` icon to the right of the product line opens a
```

      :align: center
      :alt: Click Detailed Operations button on the right of warehouse transfers page to the right
            of the WH reception document.

   .. image:: putaway/automated.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show putaway rule in detailed operations popup.

.. _inventory/routes/strategies/putaway/use-advanced-filters:

Search for products using advanced filters
------------------------------------------

Keep track of and trace products on the :guilabel:`Product Moves` page. Navigate to the page from
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Reporting --> Product Moves` and use the :guilabel:`Filters` and
:guilabel:`Group by` features to stay updated on warehouse operations.

Transfers based on putaway rules can be found by toggling on the :guilabel:`Internal` filter as
mentioned in this :ref:`tip <inventory/routes/strategies/putaway/internal-stock-moves>` previously.
Other useful filters and groupbys intended for reporting on the company's internal operations
include:

#. Filter by :guilabel:`Incoming` and :guilabel:`To Do` to display shipments from vendors yet to be
   processed.

   .. image:: putaway/product-moves-to-do.png
      :align: center

>       :alt: Filter by incoming and todo

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      :alt: Filter by incoming and todo.
```

>       :alt: Filter by incoming and todo

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      :alt: Filter by incoming and todo.
```

The stock move line is useful because the :guilabel:`Reference` displays the warehouse operation
associated to the :guilabel:`Product`. Use the :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` location and
associated :guilabel:`Source` documents to trace the product path and identify the type of
operation.

.. tip::
   It is also possible to view the stock moves of a product directly from the product page. Open the
   desired product page by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Products --> Products` and
   select the product. From there, click on the :guilabel:`Product Moves` smart button, then click
   the collapsable product drop-down from the list. This displays the stock moves history of the
   product.

.. _inventory/strategies/putaway/stock-moves:

.. example::
   A putaway rule was purposely set up incorrectly on `Apple`, so the product was moved from
   `WH/Stock` to `WH/Stock/Shelf 1` instead of the expected location, `WH/Stock/Fruits`. To trace
   the path the apple moved and identify the cause of the wrong stock move, open the
   :guilabel:`Product Moves` report in :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Reporting --> Product

>    Moves --> Apple drop-down menu` displays a list of stock moves of the apple. Click on a product

Reviewer 4: Grammar/wording

Two options:
1.
```suggestion
   Moves --> Apple drop-down menu`, which displays a list of stock moves for the apple. Click on a product
```
2.
```suggestion
    Moves`. The apple's drop-down menu, when opened, displays a list of stock moves of the apple.
```

   line to open a report that is useful to trace the path the product moved and identify the cause
   of the wrong stock move.

   The :guilabel:`To` field displays where the product currently is, `WH/Stock/Shelf 1`, which is
   the wrong location. The :guilabel:`From` location is the vendor's location, which is expected
   since the :guilabel:`Source` of the stock move is a :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`.

   The :guilabel:`Reference` operation, `WH/IN/00015`, which is a warehouse reception of products
   from the vendor, would further explain why the apples were moved to the wrong location.

   .. image:: putaway/stock-move-report.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Open stock move report

To follow an operation identified from the :guilabel:`Product Moves` report, navigate to
:menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Transfers`. This is the page that displays all

> warehouse transfers-- internal or external. Search for and click on the corresponding

Reviewer 4: em dash
```suggestion
warehouse transfers— internal or external. Search for and click on the corresponding
```

:guilabel:`Reference` operation to view the document explaining why the product was moved to the
wrong location.

.. tip::
   When there are too many records, use either the :guilabel:`Filters` or :guilabel:`Group by`
   features to sort and :ref:`find desired records
   <inventory/routes/strategies/putaway/use-advanced-filters>`. It is useful to search exclusively
   for the receipt operation type because putaway rules store products *into* a specific stock
   location.

.. example::
   Continuing to diagnose why the product, `Apple`, was placed in `WH/Stock/Shelf 1`, navigate to
   the list of all transfers in :menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Transfers`. Click on
   the list item where the :guilabel:`Reference` field matches the `WH/IN/00015` operation

>    identified in the :ref:`previous example <inventory/strategies/putaway/stock-moves>` to open the

Reviewer 4: good same-page internal link 👍

            record.

   This receipt describes which products were received from the supplier, with the affiliated
   :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` linked in the :guilabel:`Source Document` field. On the warehouse
   reception document, the field :guilabel:`Destination Location` shows where the product is
   received upon entering the warehouse.

   Clicking on the :guilabel:`≣ (Detailed Operations)` icon to the right of the product line opens a
   window that shows the product was moved to the wrong location. Based on this information it can
   be gathered that the putaway rule was triggered but the location was set incorrectly. Rectify
   this in :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Putaway Rules`.

   .. image:: putaway/detailed-operations.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Click Detailed Operations button on the right of warehouse transfers page to the right
            of the WH reception document.

   .. image:: putaway/automated.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show putaway rule in detailed operations popup.

.. _inventory/routes/strategies/putaway/use-advanced-filters:

Advanced filter search
----------------------

> Keep track of and trace products on the :guilabel:`Product Moves` page. Navigate to the page from

Reviewer 4: page --> report
doing this also cuts out some words and creates a more succinct compound sentence
```suggestion
Keep track of and trace products on the :guilabel:`Product Moves` report by navigating to
```

=============
Putaway Rules
=============

Putaway is the process of receiving shipments and routing the products in them to the appropriate
storage locations. This process can be accomplished seamlessly in Odoo using *putaway rules*.

The rules detail how products move into and throughout specified locations in the warehouse.
They are triggered by the arrival of shipments in a certain location. The automatically generated
rules coordinate efficient inter-warehouse transfers.

If, for example, a warehouse contains multiple volatile substances that should not come into
contact, it is crucial that these substances not be stored in close proximity to one another. Using
putaway rules, it is possible to ensure that such products are stored in different locations.

.. seealso::
   - :ref:`Routes-- how products move<inventory/routes/use_routes/push>`
   - :ref:`Warehouse locations<inventory/warehouse_location/definition>`

> Configuration

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Configuration
```
What are we configuring? The heading could be something more specific e.g., `Configure putaway rules` or `Configure warehouse settings`

=============

Begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Settings`, then activate the
:guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes` checkbox under the :guilabel:`Warehouse` heading. By doing so, the
:guilabel:`Storage Locations` setting is automatically enabled as well. Finally, click
:guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: putaway/multi-step-routes.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Check multi-step routes box

Create a putaway rule
=====================

To manage where specific products are routed for storage, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory -->
Configuration --> Putaway Rules`. Then, click on :guilabel:`Create` to configure a new putaway rule.
Choose the :guilabel:`Product` and/or :guilabel:`Product Category` that the rule will affect. Set
:guilabel:`When product arrives in` as the :ref:`location<inventory/warehouse_location/definition>`
where the rule will be triggered and :guilabel:`Store to` as the location where products affected by

> the rule will be stored. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
the rule will be stored. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`.
```

For these choices here, it could help the reader to know why in this instance we want to configure it the way you're telling them to. For example, why are we using specific product categories or locations in the WH at all?

.. image:: putaway/create-putaway-rules.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Create putaway rules for apples and carrots

.. note::
  It is also possible to create and manage putaway rules for a single product by going to the
  product page and clicking the :guilabel:`Putaway Rules` smart button at the top of the page. If

>   the button isn't there at first glance, select the :guilabel:`More` button at the top right to

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  the button isn't there at first glance, select the :guilabel:`More` smart button at the top right to
```

  view additional configuration options.

Once a putaway rule has been configured, the product it specifies will be automatically routed to
the :guilabel:`Store to` location upon arriving in the :guilabel:`When product arrives in` location.
The summary of internal product movements can be viewed by selecting :menuselection:`Reporting -->
Product Moves` and enabling the :guilabel:`Internal` search filter on the :guilabel:`Filters`
dropdown under the :guilabel:`search bar` at the top of the page.

> 

Reviewer 5: It could be useful to add a note or a tip here explaining what to do/look for if a putaway rule doesn't work as intended

After configuring the putaway rules for apples and carrots, see the internal stock moves by
first buying products from a vendor using a :ref:`purchase order<inventory/purchase/vendor bills>`.

> In the :guilabel:`Purchase` app, create a :guilabel:`Request for Quotation` in the top of the menu,

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To create a Request for Quotation (RFQ), go to the :guilabel:`Purchase` app, and click :guilabel:`Create`.
```

> add the products, and select :guilabel:`Confirm` to send the order to the vendor.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Then, add products to the :abbr:`RFQ (Request for Quotation)` by clicking :guilabel:`Add a line`, and selecting the desired product(s) from the drop-down menu in the :guilabel:`Product` column.

Once ready, click :guilabel:`Confirm`. Doing so turns the :abbr:`RFQ (Request for Quotation)` into a Purchase Order (PO). Next, click :guilabel:`Send by Email` to send the :guilabel:`PO (Purchase Order) to the vendor if needed.
```

.. image:: putaway/purchase-apples-and-carrots.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Purchase order for apples and carrots

Receive the incoming shipment by selecting :menuselection:`Receive products --> Validate`.

.. image:: putaway/receive-incoming-stock.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Receive package of apples and carrots

Verify stock moves
==================

> Confirm whether the products have been moved to the correct location, go to the

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To confirm whether the putaway rule worked as intended and that the products have been moved to the correct location, go to
```

> :guilabel:`Inventory` app, and in the upper menu, navigate to :menuselection:`Reporting -->

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Inventory --> Reporting --> Inventory Report`
```

> Inventory Report` to view the all products in stock. By default, the products are grouped by

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
to view the all products in stock. By default, the products are grouped by
```

location. Select the record for a specific product to view the location where the products are
stored.

> 

Reviewer 5: I think we could use a bit more detail in this section about reporting. Like, what are some other cool ways we can group our products to find stuff, and what can we group? How granular can we get?

**Also** I think `locations` might deserve a `:guilabel:` at a few points in this section but I'll defer to Zac's final say on that one.
